fix: workaround for the electron animation bug (#31391)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- Allows for `babel-loader` version 10 to be a peer dependency of `@cypress/webpack-preprocessor`. Fixed in [#31218](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/31218).
- Fixed an issue where Firefox BiDi was prematurely removing prerequests on pending requests. Fixes [#31376](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/31376).

> - Works around an Electron [bug](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/45398) by starting CDP screencast with essentially a noop configuration. Fixes [#30980](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30980).

Author: ```suggestion
- Works around an Electron [bug](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/45398) by starting CDP screencast with essentially a noop configuration. Fixes [#30980](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30980).
```

> - Works around an Electron [bug](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/45398) by starting CDP screencast with essentially a noop configuration. Fixes [#30980](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30980).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an [issue](https://github.com/electron/electron/issues/45398) with Electron causing slow animations and increased test times by starting a CDP screencast with a noop configuration. Fixes [#30980](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30980).
```
